Wishlist dropin (#347)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/wishlist/functions.mdx

### Example function usage

```typescript
import { getProductBySku } from '@/wishlist/api/addProductToWishlist';

getProductBySku('sku_item_1');
```

## getStoreConfig

The `getStoreConfig` function retrieves the store configuration, which includes various settings and preferences for the store.

### Example function usage

```typescript
import { getStoreConfig } from '@/wishlist/api/getStoreConfig';

getStoreConfig();
```

## getWishlistById

The `getWishlistById` function retrieves a wishlist by its ID. This is useful for accessing a specific user's wishlist.

### Example function usage

```typescript
import { getWishlistById } from '@/wishlist/api/getWishlistById';

getWishlistById('1');
```

## getWishlists

The `getWishlists` function retrieves all wishlists associated with a user. This is useful for displaying all wishlists a user has created.

### Example function usage

```typescript
import { getWishlists } from '@/wishlist/api/getWishlists';

getWishlists();
```

## mergeWishlists

The `mergeWishlists` function allows you to merge a wishlist from local storage with one belonging to a registered user.

> This is useful when a user wants to synchronize both local and remote wishlists into one once a user logs in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful when a user wants to synchronize both local and remote wishlists into one wishlist after a user logs in.
```
